# Mission_to_Mars
## Overview
  A script was created to gather data about the mission to mars from the web and store it into one convenient location. Once gathered, the data was displayed in one central location. The data collection was automated using web scraping techniques so that the data did not need to be collected manually. A final web app was produced that displays information on mars in a table, as well as full resolution images.    
## Scrape Mars Data and Full-Resolution Mars Hemisphere Images/Titles
  Using BeautifulSoup and Splinter, I was able to scrape the name of the most recent article, the article teaser, and the featured image from the "NASA Mars News" website. Since this website is frequently updated with new articles and images, I will constatntly be pulling the most recent data everytime this scipt it ran. I then directed my script to visit the Mars Facts website, and using the Panda's .read_html() function, I scraped the Mars- Earth comparision table and stored the data into a new DataFrame. Lastly, I directed my script to visit the Mars Hemispheres webpage and scraped the full-resoluton images of Mar's Hemispheres along with the image titles.   
## Update the Web App with Mars’s Hemisphere Images and Titles
  I first downloaded my above scraping script from Jupyter Notebook into a python file. I created a scarping.py file inside the same directory and refactored the above scraping script to create 4 funtions that scraped the above websites for the article data, facts, and images. I then added a scrape_all() function that runs all of the scraping functions and stores the results for each into a dictionary.  
